hi I'm Clinton Kelly and I'm here to
share with you some of my tips for
throwing a fabulous party I'm a big fan
of buffets because buffets inspire
mingling among your guests rather than
everybody sitting down for an hour hour
and a half two hours and just talking to
the people next to them so a great
buffet requires some planning though
that's the thing you can't just throw
food on a big buffet table and expect
everybody to go wow that's a great
buffet the night before I highly
recommend you get out all of your
serving dishes and your serving utensils
and just put them on the buffet table
and start to think about the flow number
one you probably want to take your
plates and put them on one side of the
table food goes in the center and then
silverware napkins goes on the other
side so people pick up their plate pick
up their food and then leave with their
napkin roll with the silverware in there
you also want to vary the heights of
your serving platters as you can see
we're doing some low ones some medium
Heights and some high ones we're also
mixing a little bit of silver some wood
as well as ceramic think about ways to
get the food up a little higher
especially in the back row where I am so
what we've done here is to take a
shadowbox frame and put it on its side
and then put a serving platter on top of
that and then here it's just a bowl
that's upside down with a serving
platter on top of the upside-down bolt
gives it a little bit of extra height
and then this is a cake stand okay and
that that just you can put a bowl on top
of that that just raises things up makes
it easier for people to grab things
also think about texture and color we
did a bright tablecloth with a runner
that's got some great texture to it and
some flowers as well and if you're
really anal retentive the night before
what you could do is write down all the
dishes you plan to serve on a post-it
note and put it in every single one of
the serving platters that you know
everything is covered you're not missing
a plate you're not missing a spoon
you're not missing a fork you've got it
all under control
buffet away folks
Oh